profile/README.md, before:

# NL Design System

This place is our platform for the NL Design System community to develop new patterns and components. You will find the community backlog in [the Issues list](https://github.com/nl-design-system/backlog/issues). The overview of current developments in the project boards. For example:

- [Design Tokens](https://github.com/nl-design-system/backlog/projects/4)
- [Infrastructure](https://github.com/nl-design-system/backlog/projects/2)
- [Components](https://github.com/nl-design-system/backlog/projects/1)

## Design systems in the NL Design System community

- [Utrecht](https://github.com/nl-design-system/utrecht)
- [Den Haag](https://github.com/nl-design-system/denhaag)
- [Rijksdienst voor ondernemend Nederland](https://github.com/nl-design-system/rvo)
- [Amsterdam](https://github.com/nl-design-system/amsterdam)
- [Mijn Overheid](https://github.com/nl-design-system/mijnoverheid)

## Themes

Some organisations use components already available in the NL Design System ecosystem and only need to define a theme. These themes can be found in the [Themes repository](https://github.com/nl-design-system/themes)

## Code of Conduct

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community. Read [our Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) if you haven't already.

## License

Projects in this organisation are free and open-source software licensed under the European Union Public License (EUPL) v1.2. Details can be found in the LICENSE.md file of each repository. Documentation is licensed as [Creative Commons Zero 1.0 Universal (`CC0-1.0`)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode)
For information about proprietary assets in this repository, please carefully read the NOTICE files in each repository.

Commit message:

docs: remove outdate project board links

profile/README.md, after:

# NL Design System

This place is our platform for the NL Design System community to develop new patterns and components. You will find the community backlog in [the Issues list](https://github.com/nl-design-system/backlog/issues).

Most documentation is available on our website [nldesignsystem.nl](https://nldesignsystem.nl/).

## Design systems in the NL Design System community

- [Utrecht](https://github.com/nl-design-system/utrecht)
- [Den Haag](https://github.com/nl-design-system/denhaag)
- [Rijksdienst voor ondernemend Nederland](https://github.com/nl-design-system/rvo)
- [Amsterdam](https://github.com/nl-design-system/amsterdam)
- [Mijn Overheid](https://github.com/nl-design-system/mijnoverheid)

## Themes

Some organisations use components already available in the NL Design System ecosystem and only need to define a theme. These themes can be found in the [Themes repository](https://github.com/nl-design-system/themes)

## Code of Conduct

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community. Read [our Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) if you haven't already.

## License

Projects in this organisation are free and open-source software licensed under the European Union Public License (EUPL) v1.2. Details can be found in the LICENSE.md file of each repository. Documentation is licensed as [Creative Commons Zero 1.0 Universal (`CC0-1.0`)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode)
For information about proprietary assets in this repository, please carefully read the NOTICE files in each repository.
